Search term (since 2010, 20 first entries):
mammal character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
monotrem character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
marsupial character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
placental character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
macroscelid character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
afrosoricid character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
tubulident character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
hyracoid character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
proboscid character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
siren character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
pilos character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
cingul character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
scandentia character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
primates character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
lagomorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
rodent character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
erinaceomorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
soricomorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
cetace character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
artiodactyl character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
chiropter character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
perissodactyla character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
pholidot character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
carnivor character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
didelphimorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
paucitubercul character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
microbiother character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
dasyuromorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
peramelemorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
notoryctemorph character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
diprotodont character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic
monotrem character matrix morphology OR morphological OR cladistic